Support naming customization on helm chart resources (#31066)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/helm-chart/index.rst

This will run database migrations every time there is a ``Sync`` event in Argo CD. While it is not ideal to run the migrations on every sync, it is a trade-off that allows them to be run automatically.

If you use the Celery(Kubernetes)Executor with the built-in Redis, it is recommended that you set up a static Redis password either by supplying ``redis.passwordSecretName`` and ``redis.data.brokerUrlSecretName`` or ``redis.password``.

Naming Conventions
------------------

For new installations it is highly recommended to start using standard naming conventions.

> It is not enabled by default as this may cause unexpected behaviours on existing installations. However you can enable it using ``--set useStandardNaming=true``
> 
> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>     helm upgrade airflow -n airflow . --set useStandardNaming=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not enabled by default as this may cause unexpected behaviours on existing installations. However you can enable it using ``useStandardNaming``:

.. code-block:: yaml

    useStandardNaming: true
```

Let's switch to yaml vs helm --set.

Author: updated in https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/31066/commits/a1f03ecc2baf0b78fb5144735fb333e2765d0b02

For existing installations, all your resources will be recreated with a new name and helm will delete previous resources.

This won't delete existing PVCs for logs used by statefulset/deployments, but it will recreate them with brand new PVCs.
If you do want to preserve logs history you'll need to manually copy the data of these volumes into the new volumes after
deployment. Depending on what storage backend/class you're using this procedure may vary. If you don't mind starting
with fresh logs/redis volumes, you can just delete the old pvcs that will be names, for example:

.. code-block:: bash

    kubectl delete pvc -n airflow logs-gta-triggerer-0
    kubectl delete pvc -n airflow logs-gta-worker-0

>     kubectl delete pvc -n airflow redis-db-gta-redis-0

Reviewer: Can you add this section on the update behavior to the newsfragment too?

Author: added in https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/31066/commits/a1f03ecc2baf0b78fb5144735fb333e2765d0b02
